fix(apm): updating definition of wall clock time (#16825)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/transactions-page-find-specific-performance-problems.mdx

## Wall-clock time [#wall_clock_time]

> Wall-clock time measures "real-time elapsed" during a specific transaction. For example, you're using a program to monitor transaction speeds. According to the program, the transaction took 30 seconds to complete, but one minute passed in the real world or on the wall clock due to discrepancies across the program. New Relic uses wall-clock time for all the transactions and then sums that value across all of the transactions.

Reviewer: > According to the program, the transaction took 30 seconds to complete, but one minute passed in the real world or on the wall clock due to discrepancies across the program

Wall clock time has never made sense to me, but to be honest I'm not sure if this update clarifies it. I think I'm getting stuck on "due to discrepancies across the program". What kind of discrepancies, and why? Why would something take 30 seconds according to my program, but a minute in "the real world"? 

Perhaps the challenge here is the focus on the wall-clock? Is the actual issue that people are using _programs that aren't accurate to real-world performance_? 

If so, perhaps we can reframe to be more explicit about that?

Reviewer: One other thought—I think the round numbers here add a bit of confusion, particularly with the neat multiplying by two. It creates a sort of impression in my brain that `wall clock time = 2x other time`.

Perhaps do it with two unlike, non-round numbers? Like 22 seconds and 47 seconds.

Author: Fixed this!

> Wall-clock time measures "real-time elapsed" during a specific transaction. For example, let's say you're an engineer responsible for managing the checkout experience on an e-commerce site. You would like to understand how long it takes for a customer to add an item to their cart. The transaction took 15 seconds to complete but one minute in the real world or on the "wall clock" for the customer. This discrepancy in time could be because the function had to wait for network calls or other inputs and outputs, and that waiting time isn't considered in the system's transaction time. New Relic uses wall-clock time for all the transactions and then sums that value across all of the transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wall-clock time measures "real-time elapsed" during a specific transaction. For example, let's say you're an engineer responsible for managing the checkout experience on an ecommerce site. You'd like to understand how long it takes for a customer to add an item to their cart. The transaction took 15 seconds to complete but one minute in the real world or on the "wall clock" for the customer. This discrepancy in time could be because the function had to wait for network calls or other inputs and outputs, and that waiting time isn't considered in the system's transaction time. New Relic uses wall-clock time for all the transactions and then sums that value across all of the transactions.
```

Reviewer 2: Great example and clarified things for me. I wonder if we should break up this chunk of text though, maybe introducing the time content with bullet points so it looks like:

> ...an item to their cart.
>
>  * The transaction took 15 seconds to complete, but one minute passed from the customer's point of view.
> * The time elapsed from the customer's point of view is called the "wall clock" for the customer.
>
> This discrepancy.... yadda yadda yadda

> The host can execute requests in parallel so that you may see percentages over 100. For example, 100% would indicate that the execution time across all selected transactions equals the time expended when recording wall-clock time.

Reviewer: Not sure about the `,` > `that` change here; it seems to imply an intentionality. Perhaps instead `, which means` ? 

> The host can execute requests in parallel, which means you may see...

Author: Changed it back!
